[Naofumi] After overcoming
the worst of the Waves,
I was rewarded and became
ruler of Raphtalia’s home,
Lurolona Village.
As we began to rebuild,
new allies joined us.
Things are looking up
for a change.
But when the next Wave comes,
everyone will be in danger...
- [children laughing]
- so I have to...
[Naofumi gasps]
Whoa. Be careful, you two.
Right! Sorry, My Lord!
- Let’s go!
- Okay. [laughs]
- [Rishia inhales]
- Almost!
Try to let your ki build up
in the pit of your stomach.
[Rishia]
Y-You mean like this?
[Elrasla]
That’s it!
I knew you had
a real knack for this!
You’re sure to become a master
of Hengen Muso in no time.
[Rishia]
Huh?! You really think so?
Hold on. I don’t even know
what all this ki stuff
you two are talking about is.
[gasps] Shield Hero!
Well, would you look who it is.
Seems like you’re
working hard, Keel.
[Keel]
You betcha!
And by the way, don’t be
going too easy on Rishia.
[Rishia]
Eh?!
Her base stats are
borderline cringe-worthy
for someone of her level.
[laughs] There might be
some truth to that!
[Naofumi]
I gotta say the costume’s
working pretty well,
but she shouldn’t continue
to just rely on it.
[Rishia sighs]
Yeah.
I understand
what you’re saying.
But when I’m wearing this,
I can try harder,
’cause no one
can see me feeling down,
if that makes sense.
I see. In any case,
this girl has a natural talent
for manipulating her ki,
so it’s best to strengthen
that ability of hers.
Look, I’m not trying to be
the bearer of
bad news here, old lady,
but the concepts
of whatever-Muso you use
don’t exist in this world.
Hey, Instructor,
so can I help fight against
the Waves with the others now?
- Absolutely not.
- Huh?
There’s less than a week
until the next Wave.
And if you think
that’s enough time
for you to learn
how to really fight,
then I’m afraid
you’re horribly mistaken, Keel.
[Keel groans]
Fine.
Well, then what about
the Wave after that?
If I train hard enough,
you’ll let me fight that one,
won’t you?!
[laughs] That’s the spirit.
But you can’t learn
sword skills just from me.
- [woman screams]
- [both gasp]
- [crowd yelling]
- [bats hissing]
What is all that?
Follow me!
Right!
Wait! I wanna help, too!
[screeches]
[boy sighs]
Thank you!
Give me one second, okay?
Sure!
[Filo yells]
[Raphtalia grunting]
You two okay over there?
Master Naofumi!
Oh, hey! It’s Master!
Hmm. Looks like
they beat us to the punch.
Yeah, I guess so.
Huh? What are these things?
"Familiar"?
Is it some type
of dimensional monster?
No way. The next
Wave is too far off.
[gasps]
[Naofumi]
The countdown...
[Raphtalia]
What about it?
- [Naofumi] It’s stopped.
- [Elrasla] What?
And now this blue number
has appeared.
Do you have any idea
what that could mean?
[Naofumi]
Not really.
[high-pitched screeching]
[both gasp]
[all gasp]
[Raphtalia gasps]
What’s the matter?
[Rishia sighs]
[Raphtalia gasps]
Your former party members,
they’re here.
[Filo groans]
[Mald scoffs]
[sighs]
You all have my thanks
for coming.
I hope this urgent meeting
didn’t cause any inconveniences,
but I called you here
to discuss an important matter.
This is about
those bat monsters, isn’t it?
I hope. Those things
are giving me the creeps.
I guess that means
you encountered them too.
You know something about them?
- [sighs]
- Mm-mmm.
No, I’ve never seen them
up until now.
Even so, they don’t seem to be
dimensional monsters
from a Wave either.
Oh, yeah.
Speaking of the next Wave,
seems the Wave
countdown stopped.
[Mirellia] If what you say
is true, then it must be back.
[Naofumi]
What does that mean?
I wasn’t sure at first,
but this means
the legendary monster
called the Spirit Tortoise
must have revived
in the Spirit Tortoise Kingdom.
So much for our progress.
- [all gasp]
- Spirit Tortoise?
Once every few centuries,
the Spirit Tortoise is said
to bring a horrific disaster
to the world.
We believe that the monsters you
Heroes described encountering
are an effect of its revival.
[Naofumi]
Horrific disaster, huh?
Sounds like the Waves.
[chair scrapes]
Sorry. I have something
else to attend to.
- Ah, me too.
- Excuse us,
but we’re a little
too busy for this.
Sit down.
Need I remind you
that in fact the only reason
we were summoned here
in the first place
was to fight the Waves.
We don’t have time
to deal with anything else.
Isn’t that right, Naofumi?
[doors open]
[gasps]
- [doors close]
- [Mald] How’d it go?
- Doesn’t matter.
- Uh...
Did you remember?
To ask my mother
if she would ever consider
making me a princess once again?
I’m sorry, My--
Uh, I mean Bitch.
I’ve got bigger
problems right now.
- Let’s go.
- [gasps] Hey!
Sir Motoyasu!
[scoffs] Useless fool.
Huh?
Seems you’re doing well.
Um, Sir Itsuki.
Oh, by the way,
have you been keeping in touch
with your parents?
[gasps] Y-Yes!
I sent a letter yesterday!
Right?
Glad to hear it.
Sir Itsuki!
I want to journey alongside you
to save the world!
Let me join your party again!
[Itsuki]
You’re not strong enough.
And you never will be, no matter
how much Naofumi trains you.
Huh?
Sir Itsuki!
[gasps]
Why do you think Sir Itsuki
banished you from the party
in the first place?
To keep you away from all
the dangers of the battlefield?
- [gasps]
- [Mald] Think again.
He tossed you aside because
you’re weak, slow, and useless!
[gasps]
Stop it, Mald.
That’ll be enough.
[Mald scoffs]
Are you okay, Rishia?
He was a jerk.
[Naofumi]
Well, that went well.
Let me get this straight.
This whole meeting
was to try and get us
to handle this
Spirit Tortoise thing?
That was my intention, yes,
but it doesn’t seem
like the other Heroes
are too excited about that.
I think I see why.
This Tortoise thing sounds
like some kind of raid boss.
- Huh?
- Nothing.
Don’t worry about it.
[coughs]
So then, do you think
you have what it takes
to handle this job for me,
Shield Hero?
As long as you don’t mind my job
as Hero taking a back seat.
While the Spirit Tortoise
Kingdom is a vast area,
the Tortoise has already
destroyed several territories
and important checkpoints
as it nears the capital.
Countless people
have already died.
Even though
the Spirit Tortoise Kingdom
is located far off in the east,
it won’t be long
before it reaches us
here in Melromarc.
If that happens,
it will more than likely
have to trample
through your own lands
before it gets here.
You sure know
how to persuade people.
[Mirellia chuckles]
By the way,
is Melty doing well?
She is. She’s somewhat
of a supervisor of my lands.
It was Melty’s idea actually
to have the place function
as a type of bridge
between humans and demi-humans.
And then,
if you can believe this,
she told me to leave
the place to her and go see you.
[Mirellia]
I see.
It seems the journey
she went on with you
fostered her growth more than I
ever could have imagined, then.
[Naofumi]
Definitely.
So for the sake of her dreams
and the people of my lands,
I guess I’ll fight this
weird Spirit Tortoise thing.
You really mean it?
Oh, my.
That’s certainly a relief.
I can’t thank you enough.
I’m in your debt.
I think it’s safe enough now
to focus on the tortoise,
considering the Wave countdown
has come to a stop.
Concerning. The countdown
should never stop.
I’ll try looking into it later.
So am I supposed
to fight this thing on my own?
[Mirellia sighs] Not exactly.
Allow me to explain.
[Erhardt]
I see.
So then you’re headed off
to fight the Tortoise too, huh?
You sure hear things fast.
Who told you that bit of info?
Practically the whole country’s
talking about it.
Melromarc is
sending its knights
and joining with other nations
to fight alongside you, right?
[Naofumi] Yeah.
And the Cardinal Heroes
were told to go ahead
of the main army
in order to conduct
a reconnaissance.
[Erhardt chuckles]
Our queen sure knows
how to splurge
when it comes to a fight.
You’ve got that right.
- Hey, Rishia...
- [Rishia yelps]
...what do you think about this?
[Rishia gasps]
It looks neat and all,
but I use magic
a lot more than I do swords.
It doesn’t matter what I use.
I’ll still just be a failure.
- Try it!
- [gasps]
[Filo] Hold on, Rishia!
You really think that?
Yes. I am a failure.
[Naofumi] At least you’re
able to hold a sword.
[gasps] Oh, I’m sorry.
Well, damn. That got
depressing rather quickly.
[gasps] I’ve got an idea!
Eh?! What is it?
It might sound odd,
but trust me, okay?
- Eh?
- Huh?
Hold on.
- Um, Raphtalia, isn’t this...
- [slaves murmuring]
- No need to worry.
- [animals calling]
I promise it’s fine.
Huh?
[snarling, screeching]
- [snarls]
- [shrieks]
Hmm?
Oh! So nice
to see you again. [chuckles]
It worked for me,
so why don’t you
try becoming a slave?
Me? A slave?
What?!
If you become
Master Naofumi’s slave,
then the Shield Hero’s power
would make you strong enough
to where you wouldn’t feel
so badly about yourself anymore!
Wha? But then...
[Raphtalia]
Think about it!
You would instantly
become more powerful
than all of
the Bow Hero’s followers!
Now take off your cloak and
show me that chest of yours!
- Eh? [wails]
- Raphtalia...
- Yes?
- It’s a good idea,
but I’m not gonna force
anyone else to be my slave.
[gasps]
Sorry, Master Naofumi.
I just thought Rishia
would want to take
the path I did. You know?
- [sighs]
- [Naofumi] If she wanted to,
it would be a different matter.
But not everyone wants
to volunteer to be a slave.
Yeah, that makes sense.
[Naofumi] Haven’t changed
your mind on that, have you?
- Huh?
- Forget it.
Sorry, what?
Anyhoo, what is it
I can do for you,
my favorite customer?
Oh, sorry.
We don’t really need--
[Rishia]
Naofumi...
I’m begging you,
make me your slave!
I volunteer to be
the Shield Hero’s slave!
[gasps]
As you wish.
[groans]
[Rishia panting]
Hang in there.
Rishia.
[screams]
Done! Per your request,
you are now bound
to the Shield Hero as his slave.
You’re an odd one.
Normally, you can never
make your mind up.
But you didn’t even hesitate
when it came to this.
Itsuki’s respect,
is it really
all that important to you?
Yes. It’s why I’m so desperate
for you train me
to get stronger.
I see.
Then I won’t say another word.
If you want hard training,
you’re gonna get it.
Eh?!
And step one is
to stop making that noise.
Eh?!
Wait! Sorry! I mean yes! Okay!
You have my utmost thanks,
Shield Hero!
[Naofumi] Okay,
let’s head back and get ready.
We’ll be leaving
for the Spirit Tortoise Kingdom
first thing in the morning.
- Okay!
[Filo]
I’m starving, Master!
[Raphtalia] Master Naofumi,
why were all those people...
Refugees from
the Spirit Tortoise Kingdom.
That must mean things are
starting to get bad
over there, huh?
[Naofumi]
Yeah, you might be right.
What’s that? Is Master here?
Yeah, he’s right next to me.
We’re heading east
to the Spirit Tortoise Kingdom.
We’ve already seen
some refugees.
Huh? Sure,
I can ask him for you.
Fitoria wants to know
where we’re headed
and if we’re going to try
to defeat the Spirit Tortoise.
Are we?
Wait, what? Fitoria?
Filo, are you
talking to Fitoria?
[Filo] Yeah! Somehow
I can hear her right now.
[Naofumi]
I guess your cowlick
functions as a
makeshift antenna.
I see. If the Shield Hero
is near, please tell him
that this is the choice
that I spoke of before.
If the Four Heroes still
can’t work together yet...
[both] ...then you should
take down the Spirit Tortoise.
There!
[Naofumi]
The choice.
"The world demands sacrifices
from all life," huh?
How does that relate
to the Spirit Tortoise?
She says don’t ask her
and you should think
about it yourself.
So she’s upset.
I get it.
Hold on.
What’s Filo talking about?
[Filo] Basically, if Master
and the other guys,
like the Spear guy,
can’t get on the same page...
We’ll be killed by Fitoria,
who’s the Filolial Queen.
What?! But that can’t be true!
Does that also mean
Sir Itsuki’d die, too?
Eh?!
[Naofumi] I guess
we’ll just have to go
to the Spirit Tortoise Kingdom.
[crowd murmuring]
Did you hear?
The capital’s
already under attack
by the Spirit Tortoise.
Seriously?
It’s only a matter of time
before it gets here then.
On the bright side,
I’ve heard that several nations
have banded together
to fight against it.
They say even the Four Heroes
are coming to join the fight.
[scoffs] That can’t be true,
because I heard
that the Four Heroes
already tried fighting it
and three of them
got themselves killed doing so.
- [gasps]
- [man] Really?
What are they going to do
to handle the Waves now
when three of the Heroes
are six feet under?
I tell you, both the Heroes
and the fools who summoned them
are completely
out of their depth.
- [gasps] Sir Itsuki’s dead?!
- Yeah, it’s been bad.
- Hey!
- Rishia!
Follow her, Filo.
On it!
- [Naofumi] Wait!
- [Rishia gasps]
There’s no point running off
when you don’t even know
where you’re going.
But Sir Itsuki might be hurt!
Calm down, Rishia.
Hey, Filo, can you maybe
talk to Fitoria for me?
Huh? Sure.
Let me try to reach her.
I don’t know
if she can check this,
but ask her if any
of the current Four Heroes
have been killed
in the past few days or so.
Say it’s urgent.
[Filo]
Um...
she says nothing like that
has happened.
[gasps]
You heard it first.
There’s nothing
worth worrying about.
[Rishia sighs]
[Raphtalia]
He’s okay!
[Naofumi]
Look, I don’t want to lose
any of the other Heroes myself.
Let’s ask around to see if
we can find out
their whereabouts--
- [bats hissing]
- [gasps]
[Raphtalia]
Master Naofumi! Over there!
[Naofumi]
What? What are all those things?
[Naofumi gasps]
Towards the checkpoint?
[screaming]
[Naofumi]
Raphtalia and Filo, follow me!
Rishia, get the people to town!
- [Raphtalia] Okay!
- [Filo] ’Kay!
[gasps] O-Okay!
Shield Prison!
Spiral Strike!
This way, everyone! Quickly!
The monsters
haven’t gotten into town.
Go now!
- Okay!
- [gasps]
Filo, use magic over there!
’Kay!
Drifa Tornado!
[Naofumi] Start rescuing
those who didn’t escape.
I’ll handle this!
- Got it!
- Okay!
[Naofumi]
Hate Reaction!
Bring it!
Tornado Shield!
Whoa!
He did it!
Sweet. That takes care
of most of them.
[roaring]
[gasps]
Aw, crap!
There’s way more than before!
Wrath Shield!
[gasps] Is that...
[Raphtalia]
Get down!
[Rishia yelps]
[yells]
Dark Curse Burning!
[Naofumi panting]
[Raphtalia]
Master Naofumi!
[Filo]
Master!
[Rishia]
Are you all right?!
Don’t worry.
[gasps]
[Naofumi]
I’m totally fine.
There’s no use in lying to me.
[Naofumi]
You can tell, huh?
- [rocks clatter]
- [all gasp]
If I’m not mistaken,
you are the fabled Shield Hero,
are you not?
Yeah. And what about it?
[woman]
I thought so.
I beg of you,
please kill me
and put an end to this.